Add asset metadata to equippable data (#160)
rmrk-team/evm: docs/RMRK/utils/RMRKEquipRenderUtils.md

### getEquippableSlotsFromParent

```solidity
function getEquippableSlotsFromParent(address targetChild, uint256 childId, uint64 parentAssetId) external view returns (uint256 childIndex, struct RMRKEquipRenderUtils.EquippableData[] equippableData)
```

Used to get the child&#39;s assets and slot parts pairs, identifying parts the said assets can be equipped into, for a specific parent asset.

> *Reverts if child token is not owned by an NFT.The full `EquippableData` struct looks like this:  [      slotPartId,      childAssetId,      parentAssetId,      priority,      parentCatalogAddress,      isEquipped,      partMetadata,      childMetadata,      parentMetadata  ]*

Author: ```suggestion
*Reverts if child token is not owned by an NFT.The full `EquippableData` struct looks like this:  [      slotPartId,      childAssetId,      parentAssetId,      priority,      parentCatalogAddress,      isEquipped,      partMetadata,      childAssetMetadata,      parentAssetMetadata  ]*
```
